vmui: enhancements to top queries page (#4299)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): add `WITH template` playground. See [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3811).
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): add ability to debug relabeling. See [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3807).
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): increase default font size to `14px` for better usability.

> * FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): improvement in the usability of the top queries page. A button for executing and copying the query is added, and a column "Query Time Interval" is introduced. See [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4292) and [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4299).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): add an ability to copy and execute queries listed at [top queries](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#top-queries) page. Also make more human readable the query duration column. See [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4292) and [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4299).
```
